:robot: Change out setup for project.toml (#1111)
duck-dynasty/duckbot: README.md

```sh
python3.10 -m venv --clear --prompt duckbot venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip install --editable .[dev]
setup_nltk
```

> The `dev` extras will also install development dependencies, like `pytest`. The installation commands should be run whenever you merge from upstream.
> 
> `setup_nltk` is required to download the NLTK corpa for NLTK to work properly.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dev` extras will also install development dependencies, like `pytest`. The installation commands should be run whenever you merge from upstream. The `setup_nltk` post-install script is required to download the NLTK corpora for NLTK to work properly.
```
